#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.txt
#
amqp==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-restful
apispec[yaml]==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   apispec-webframeworks
apispec-webframeworks==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   virtualenv
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
black==21.11b1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
celery[redis]==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
distlib==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   virtualenv
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   wtforms
environs==9.3.5
    # via -r requirements/prod.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
faker==9.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   factory-boy
fancycompleter==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pdbpp
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-docstrings
    #   flake8-isort
    #   flake8-polyfill
    #   pep8-naming
flake8-blind-except==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
flake8-debugger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
flake8-docstrings==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
flake8-isort==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pep8-naming
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-wtf
flask-jwt-extended==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
flask-restful==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
flask-wtf==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
gevent==21.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   email-validator
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8-isort
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask
kombu==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
mako==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   environs
    #   marshmallow-mongoengine
marshmallow-mongoengine==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
mongoengine==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   marshmallow-mongoengine
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
pdbpp==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pep8-naming==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   click-repl
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pdbpp
pyjwt==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pymongo==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   mongoengine
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   packaging
pyrepl==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   fancycompleter
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   faker
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   environs
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
    #   flask-restful
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   apispec
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   celery
regex==2021.11.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
supervisor==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8-isort
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
tox==3.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   tox
waitress==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wmctrl==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pdbpp
wtforms[email]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   gevent
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/prod.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
